Just finished chapter 1. Playtime roughly 10 hours. Play style semi micro managing. Over all it ticks most of the a clicker/idle hybrid style. Couple things I noticed, first stone kind of sucks late halfway through chapter 1. When exploring stopped giving rocks it was one less bar I could interact with for the goal. It also doesn't make much sense to remove stone gathering all together since from my understanding your still going through the cave system when even exploring the cathedral. I can understand going deeper the stone rates lower as you find more valuable things but what actually happens is stone rates keep going up until it is gone. A few times the auto play messed up my plans by spawning an event or just taking you to a new thing without warning. Next is there was a witch which threatens to curse the village which by the point I met her the village already changed to a city so the mix match made the usual smoothness of things changing under your nose that the rest did well failed there. Another thing about the witch and probably several other choices was I didn't know it was permanent; i chose to pay her 25 gold, and she didn't come back. Up to that point unless you can fight and win everything else came back for more. The wolves, and the canables both came back after doing damage. The good events also continued to comeback like the dwarf. Onto the smoothness you change things. Several times I was missing easy upgrades because there was no indication that some new craft was unlocked. I know you use the red pulsing circle to bring people to the shop which you could do to fix this issue or there might be a different work around you want. Now the story; this has 2 parts, first several of the story beats did not show up to be able to reread incase you missed it. A couple of times I just missed what happened because I was going to click something and it just popped up causing me to click through. The other thing about the story which isn't a make or break for me and will probably be more fleshed out as you continue your journey but I had a hard time caring about my people. At one point I was losing 3-4 people due to madness a night which would be back by the end of the day. I only lowered my madness to increase productivity. Overall I might play another round to try a different approach and is good if you like numbers going up because there are plenty but the resource balancing late game would be probably my only detractor. I mean at the end I was doing everything for gold and barely had enough to choose did I want stone, wood, or steel and steel I only had a +12 per cycle which for the numbers is kind of low so I had to buy a lot of steel. However I bought more shipments of stone than steel, wood or even food which is wild for those who don't know a lot of things was just thousands of food per click.